{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red70\green137\blue204;\red24\green24\blue24;\red193\green193\blue193;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c33725\c61176\c83922;\cssrgb\c12157\c12157\c12157;\cssrgb\c80000\c80000\c80000;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 ## Project Description: Next Word Prediction Using LSTM
\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 #### Project Overview:
\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 This project aims to develop a deep learning model for predicting the next word in a given sequence of words. The model is built using Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM) networks, which are well-suited for sequence prediction tasks. The project includes the following steps:\cb1 \
\
\cb3 1- Data Collection: We use the text of Shakespeare's "Hamlet" as our dataset. This rich, complex text provides a good challenge for our model.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 2- Data Preprocessing: The text data is tokenized, converted into sequences, and padded to ensure uniform input lengths. The sequences are then split into training and testing sets.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 3- Model Building: An LSTM model is constructed with an embedding layer, two LSTM layers, and a dense output layer with a softmax activation function to predict the probability of the next word.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 4- Model Training: The model is trained using the prepared sequences, with early stopping implemented to prevent overfitting. Early stopping monitors the validation loss and stops training when the loss stops improving.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 5- Model Evaluation: The model is evaluated using a set of example sentences to test its ability to predict the next word accurately.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 6- Deployment: A Streamlit web application is developed to allow users to input a sequence of words and get the predicted next word in real-time.\cb1 \
}